hello friends you are looking at a cropper
channel with you as always screamer and me
I am finally showing you a new weapon
Attica is a lightning volley
deadly arrows allow you
perform crossbow optics with auto charge
Generally how did this weapon of opinion
immediately divided into two sides
They say that they do not want complete shit at all
know him there are old who say
that in principle the gun is cool kayfovaya
Zdorovskaya here but looking at the damage you can
say that she has problems with him and
the status is also not high and kreed well in
In general, everything is somehow weird
the bolt is flying with an arc along the path such
not very correct cartridge slow
stay
generally inferior to attic all well to all
let's show a couple of builds on it without
field cancer just with catalyst first
build on corrosion like this
looked aha and so here he beats
1350 corrosion 484 piercing given
the fact that the status of 37 percent
good build but i like it more
this one on crit, that is, three modules on
critical damage and three on normal and
We look that turns out it turns out 484
piercing but at 42 and every second
shot
let me show you it to
rub the key well and basically everything is there
it will be clear well as they say here and i
it's not always possible to get there.
and because patron as I spoke on
slow logic recharge too so you
see so slow damage too you
see which flies provided that
there are 2 free and 6 years old and a couple
Pole and you can stick
anything else on elemental
any damage or speed
recharging either on fast-fire
let's get a look
you are stupid
look at yourself add that pretty
late
you need to get it straight
to adapt himself but when military coffee in
general i will say so not
Attica liked the idea that is
shooting mechanics almost good little
the other must be she of course
I liked it needs this ballet you see
the boards
ahead you need to shoot with
candles which are half mega bad weather on
him
frankly weak and common childhood
will come out which received damage either strong
would have thought anything else the weapons would
fine well at this stage she is rather weak
see advice
fall and this talent gets
we please
that is, from males
eg
have loved ones
him accordingly
and generally and
pulpard arms becomes significantly
see less yourself as a weapon
I would like to
something is forced to us after the bar already
was more powerful
as quickly as possible in the store more
there would be arrows
because I know that she is judging a lot
liked
its here these obvious minuses of course
she is not very popular
that is, almost no one puts her
polarity
no one tries to squeeze out of it
maximum because initially she herself
showed bad I think the weapon
raw honestly I don't even know what
say about him at the end
I liked the gun and look and
I liked the idea
execution
I hope that the developers are all like that
I will not sell it either Fixed
damage will increase or creed will increase either
status or something but something must
change because she frankly
rather weak
with you there was a screamer on the screamer channel
channel
subscribe be sure to like
and bye